docs: fixed links,revised the docs of overview, quickstart and first 2 parts of tutorial (#3877)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/tutorial/1-getting-started/0-intro.md

<UIConditional is="mui">

In the files panel, click on `src/app.tsx` to open it. Afterwards, go to this part of the tutorial to learn how to make changes to this file: [Generate CRUD pages automatically with Inferencer](/docs/tutorial/getting-started/mui/generate-crud-pages/)

</UIConditional>

**Create a GitHub Repository**

1. Press the "Connect Repository" button at the top of your list of files, enter a new name for your repository, and click "Create repo & push".

2. When you have changes to be commit to GitHub, a “Commit” button will appear at the top left of your workspace. Clicking on this will allow you to enter a commit message, and update your repository.

> **Deploy your App**

Author: Link of [Generate CRUD pages automatically with Inferencer] is wrong.

Reviewer: Could you fix?

<UIConditional is="mui">

In the files panel, click on `src/app.tsx` to open it. Afterwards, go to this part of the tutorial to learn how to make changes to this file: [Generate CRUD pages automatically with Inferencer](/docs/tutorial/getting-started/mui/generate-crud-pages/)

</UIConditional>

**Create a GitHub Repository**

1. Press the "Connect Repository" button at the top of your list of files, enter a new name for your repository, and click "Create repo & push".

2. When you have changes to be commit to GitHub, a “Commit” button will appear at the top left of your workspace. Clicking on this will allow you to enter a commit message, and update your repository.

**Deploy your App**
<UIConditional is="antd">

> If you’d like to deploy to Netlify, skip to [Deploy your app to the web](/docs/tutorial/getting-started/deploy-project/). Otherwise, skip to [Generate CRUD pages automatically with Inferencer](/docs/tutorial/getting-started/antd/generate-crud-pages) to start building with **refine**!

Author: Reading this now, it seems a bit weird. Deploying the app to the web comes after generating crud pages but this paragraph makes it look like it comes before it. If someone skips to "generate CRUD pages automatically with Inferencer" part, they are going to reach "Deploy your app to the web" anyways.

Reviewer: I think so. Maybe we can refactor the sentence like this: 
```suggestion
To learn how to deploy to Netlify, you can refer to the [Deploy your app to the web](/docs/tutorial/getting-started/deploy-project/).   

Now, you can navigate to [Generate CRUD pages automatically with Inferencer](/docs/tutorial/getting-started/antd/generate-crud-pages) to start building with **refine**!
```

Author: Is pointing out "How to deploy to netlify/web" necessary here? I think it might confuse people since if they proceed after deploying, they will miss out on generating crud pages automatically, which is necessary, no?

Reviewer: OK, make sense. Maybe you can change the "Deploy your App" header to "What's Next" and remove sentence starts with "To learn.."

-   Setting up your development environment.
-   Creating a new project.
-   Generating CRUD pages for your data model.
-   Storing your project in a git repository.
-   Deploying your project to the cloud.

> As you make changes to your project, you can commit them to your GitHub repository. Netlify listens for changes to your GitHub repository to automatically rebuilds and deploys your application on every commit. This allows anyone to access and view your website updates as you make them.

Reviewer: The intended point is that users can always access the latest deploys based on your most recent commits.

So we can say something like: "This allows anyone to access and view the latest version of your app"
